h1. What is "Ruby Sentiments"?

Ruby Sentiments is a series of programming presentations. It's here to show how much the solution of a simple *web development* task programmed by *diverse developers* can differ.

As this can be really inspiring, we believe that the real fun comes, when the original task has to be extended or changed a lot. Or something really unexpected has to be added :-).

h2. Rules

# Programmers (no, this is not Ruby-only) individually work on a given specification (see below). 
# They push their *solution* to this repo.
# At the next *meeting*, they present their code to other devs. *WHY* such a code was written is very important, not just -HOW- it works.

h2. Specification

The topic is *"events calendar"* app. Users will be able to sign to an event from a list. In details:

h3. Round 1:
* User can see list of events (name, description, date, from time, to time).
* User can sign to attend any of those events. 
* User can visit this page later and still see his attendance.

h3. Round 2
* Attendee can sign off an event.
* Events can have limited space. It this limit gets reached, users cant sign to such limited event.
* Admin (a special kind of user) can see emails of all attendees.

h3. Round 3
* Two types of events: one-off (with a fixed date) and regular (day in week).
* Users can sign at lhe very latest one day before the event.

h3. Round 4
* Regular events can repeat also every two weeks, not just weekly.
* Admin can change every event.
* When an event is changed, attendees are informed about these changes through email.

h2. What is this repo for?

You can find here actual code from all developers. One directory per developer, directory's README (usually :-) ) worth reading.
Want it Czech? Go to "Rails-Forum.cz":http://rails-forum.cz
